---
page_title: "Upgrade to Version 1.0.0"
description: |-
  Learn how to migrate the Terraform Lastpass Provider to version 1.0.0.
---

# Lastpass Provider: 1.0.0 Upgrade Guide

Version 1.0.0 of the Lastpass Terraform Provider is the latest major release. 

This new version includes changes that may impact your Terraform configuration. You should review these changes before upgrading from version 0.X to version 1.0.0. 

!> There are several [required changes](#required-changes) that you need to complete before upgrading.

~> Version 1.0.0 and later of the Lastpass Provider can only be automatically installed on Terraform 0.12 and later. Running `terraform init` starts the automatic installation.

## Summary of changes

Here's a summary of what's changed with version 1.0.0.

### Required changes
These resources and data sources require updates before you upgrade to version 1.0.0:

* provider lastpass
* resource lastpass_secret
* datasource lastpass_secret

## `lastpass` provider

### Required migration tasks

The provider has now dropped support for lpass-cli and is now using native Go code to communicate with Lastpass. This requires a few additional attributes to the provider itself to maintain similar feature support:

1. New optional `baseurl` attribute to `provider`. Set to `https://lastpass.eu` for EU users.
2. New optional `configdir` attribute.
3. New optional `enable_2fa` attribute.
4. New optional `onetime_password` attribute.
5. New optional `trust` attribute.

## `lastpass_secret` resource

### Required migration tasks

1. Rename the `note` attribute to `notes`. The `note` attribute has been deprecated.  
2. New optional `share` attribute to the `lastpass_secret` resource block. Changing share will force recreation.

## `lastpass_secret` datasource

### Required migration tasks

1. Rename the `note` attribute to `notes`. The `note` attribute has been deprecated.  
2. New optional `share` attribute to the `lastpass_secret` resource block. Changing share will force recreation.

